City of Mississauga ‐‐ Terms of Use 
 
Introduction
These Terms of Use are intended to protect and promote the City of Mississauga's commitments to 
open data and ensure that the recipients of these datasets give back to the community the benefits they 
derive from these datasets and other information downloaded from this website (“Datasets”). 
If you have any questions or comments about these Terms of Use, please feel free to contact us at (905) 
615‐3200 ext. 5556 or eplanbuild.info@mississauga.ca. 
 
Authority 
You agree to these Terms of Use by either: (1) clicking to accept the Terms of Use; or (2) downloading or 
using any of the Datasets. You represent that you have full capacity and authority to accept these Terms 
of Use. If you are accepting on behalf of your employer or another entity, you represent that you have 
full authority to bind your employer or such other entity to the Terms of Use. 
 
Your Open Licence to the Datasets 
The City of Toronto (the City) now grants you a world‐wide, royalty‐free, non‐exclusive, revocable 
licence to use, modify, and distribute the Datasets in all current and future media and formats for any 
lawful purpose. You now acknowledge that this licence does not give you a copyright or other 
proprietary interest in the Datasets. If you distribute or provide access to these Datasets to any other 
person, whether in original or modified form, you agree to include a copy of, or this Uniform Resource 
Locator (URL) for, these Terms of Use and to ensure any such person agrees to, and is bound by, them 
but without introducing any further restrictions of any kind. 
 
Giving City Credit
Although you are not required to credit the City for each use or reproduction of the Datasets, you are 
entitled to do so and encouraged to conspicuously announce that these Datasets are publicly available 
from the City under these Terms of Use. Upon the request of the City, you may be required to remove a 
credit from future uses or reproductions should the City, in its sole discretion, decide that such credit is 
not in the public interest. 
 
Future Changes to Datasets/Terms of Use 
The City may at any time and from time to time add, delete, or change the Datasets or these Terms of 
Use. Notice of changes may be posted on the home page for these Datasets or this page. Any change is 
effective immediately upon posting, unless otherwise stated.  
 
Compliance with Law Your Responsibility 
You assume sole responsibility for your use and reproduction of the Datasets and for complying with all 
applicable laws and industry standards. 
 
No Warranty with Datasets 
You get NO WARRANTIES, none of any kind, in respect to the Datasets or your use of them. For example 
(but without limiting the total intended scope of the preceding sentence): 
while reasonable efforts have been made in preparing these Datasets for use by 
you, the City does not give any promises as to the completeness, currency, reliability, non‐infringement 
or accuracy of the Datasets or that access will be continuous;  
 the City does not make any promise that the Datasets are free and clear of any
possible third party copyright, moral rights, other proprietary right or other claim;

Please note that the Datasets have been modified from their original source, as data initially 
generated by the City for its internal uses and that all data visualizations on maps are approximate and 
include only records that can be mapped.
You accept these Datasets on an "as is, where is" basis with all faults and without warranties of 
any kind, and agree to use them solely at your own risk. Without limiting the foregoing, if you learn of 
any error, discrepancy or omission in the Datasets, you agree to promptly notify the City and provide 
reasonable details thereof. 
 
Exclusion of Liability and Release  
You agree that you will not and cannot sue the City for anything which the City does or does not do 
(even if intentional or negligent) in connection with the Datasets and your use or inability to use them. 
Without limiting the general scope of the preceding sentence, this means that the City and its officers, 
employees, representatives and agents (collectively “City Parties”) are: (i) not liable on any legal theory 
or basis for any direct, incidental, indirect, special, punitive, exemplary or consequential damages or 
losses, including without limitation, loss of revenue or anticipated profits, loss of goodwill, loss of 
business, loss of data, computer failure or malfunction or any other damages or losses arising from your 
access to, and use of, the Datasets regardless of whether or not such liability or damages arise in 
contract, tort, negligence, equity, statutorily, or otherwise, and even if the City Party has been advised 
of the possibility of such potential liability, in any connection with the Datasets; and (ii) you absolutely 
and irrevocably release City Parties from any claim, demand, litigation, proceeding in connection with 
the foregoing damages that you may incur or suffer. 
 
Indemnity
If, as a result of your breach of these Terms of Use or use of the Datasets, the City gets sued or is 
required to pay someone money, you agree to protect the City and reimburse the City for everything 
which you cause the City to suffer. This means that you agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless 
the City Parties from any and all liabilities, demand, litigation, injury, losses, damages and costs 
(including taxes) and all related legal costs and expenses, suffered by the City Parties, incurred in 
connection with any claim arising from: (i) any breach by you of these Terms of Use; (ii) any breach, 
infringement, misappropriation or misuse of any third party intellectual property right resulting from 
your modification, revision or customization of the Datasets; and (iii) any malicious, fraudulent 
(including fraudulent misrepresentation) or criminal conduct (whether by act or omission) by you. You 
agree to cooperate fully in the defence of any such claim. The City reserves the right to assume, at its 
own expense, the exclusive defence and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by 
you. You agree not to settle any matter without the written consent of the City. 
 
Cancellation for Non‐Compliance 
The City may, in its sole discretion, cancel or suspend your access to, and the license granted hereunder 
in connection with, the Datasets without notice and for any reason, including anything which the City, in 
its sole discretion, believes is a breach of these Terms of Use or is otherwise unlawful or harmful to 
others. In the event of cancellation or suspension of such license, you will no longer be authorized to use 
or reproduce these Datasets, and the City may use any means possible to enforce its decision. Such 
cancellation or suspension will not affect any person who has received the Datasets from you and who is 
otherwise in compliance with these Terms of Use.  
 
No Endorsement
You may not publicly represent or imply that the City is participating in, or has sponsored, approved or 
endorsed the manner or purpose of your use or reproduction of the Datasets.
 
No Association 
You may not use any trade‐mark, official mark, official emblem or logo of the City, or any of its other 
means of promotion or publicity, without the City's prior written consent nor in any event to represent 
or imply an association or affiliation with the City. 
 
No Waiver
You agree that, if the City does not exercise or enforce any legal right or remedy contained in these 
Terms of Use (or that the City has the benefit of under any applicable law), this will not be taken to be a 
formal waiver of the City's rights and that those rights or remedies will still be available to the City. Any 
waiver of any provision of these Terms of Use will be effective only if the City expressly states in a signed 
writing that it is waiving a specified provision. 
 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
These Datasets are published from within the Province of Ontario, Canada. These Terms of Use are 
governed by Ontario law and the City and you now irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of 
Ontario courts with respect to any and all matters arising under these Terms of Use or access to, or use 
of, these Datasets. 