Terms
					
This Agreement is between the City of Regina (the “City”) and you (either an individual or a legal entity that you represent as an authorized employee or agent).Acceptance of Terms
Please review this Agreement carefully.  If you access, use or download any of the datasets (collectively, the “Data”) provided by the City on this website you acknowledge that you have read, understood, agree and have the capacity to be legally bound by the terms of this Agreement.  If you do not agree to the terms of this Agreement, you must immediately discontinue any use of this website and the Data. 
License and Exceptions
The City of Regina grants you a worldwide, royalty-free, perpetual, non-exclusive licence to use the Data as follows:
to copy, publish, distribute and transmit the Data in whole or in part;
    to modify or adapt the Data to create value-added products or derivative works; and
    to exploit the Data for any lawful purpose, commercially or otherwise

This Agreement and the license granted herein does NOT grant a license for the use of:
Personal information;
    Information that has neither been published nor disclosed by the City under The Local Authority Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act (Saskatchewan).
    the City’s trademarks, official marks, logos, crests or similar intellectual property when crediting the City; and
    Data subject to third party rights or other intellectual property rights, including patents, trademarks, and design rights as the use of any such Data may violate copyright, trademark and other laws.
You will be fully responsible for any consequences resulting from any use of the Data and any unauthorized use of the Data, this website or content, will terminate this Agreement and the license granted herein. Giving the City Credit
Although you are not required to credit the City for each use or reproduction of the Data, you are encouraged to acknowledge the source of the Data and that it is publically available from the City under the terms of this Agreement. Upon the request of the City, you may be required to remove a credit from future uses or reproductions should the City, in its sole discretion, decide that such credit is not in the public interest. You should not use the Data in any way that suggests you have any official status or that the City endorses you or your use of the Data.No Warranty or Guarantee
The Data is provided “as is” and the City excludes all representations, warranties, obligations and liabilities in relation to the Data to the maximum extent permitted by law.
The City does not guarantee the continued supply of the Data and is not required to provide notice of any changes, updates or deletions of Data, although the City may at its own discretion choose to do so.Limitation of Liability and Indemnity

The City is not liable for any errors or omissions in the Data and will not, under any circumstances be liable for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, consequential or other loss, injury or damage of any kind caused by its use, even if specifically advised of the possibility of such loss, injury or damage.  
You shall at all times indemnify the City and any of its officials, servants, employees, agents, successors and assigns against any and all claims, damages and actions however made that are based upon or resulting from your use of the Data or your performance or non-performance of this Agreement.General Provisions
This Agreement is governed by the laws applicable in the Province of Saskatchewan.
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the City and you with respect to your rights to use the Data.  The terms of this Agreement may change from time to time.  It is your responsibility to visit this website periodically to review the terms of this Agreement.  Your use of the Data will be governed by the terms of this Agreement in force as of the date that you accessed the Data.
No condoning, excusing or overlooking by the City of any default by you in performing or observing any of your obligations under this Agreement will operate as a waiver or otherwise affect the rights of the City in respect of any continuing or subsequent default.
About this Agreement
This Agreement is intended to protect the City while maximizing the benefits that can be achieved from open government. If you have any questions or comments about the Agreement, please feel free to contact us at opengov@regina.ca.