Open Government License
for Government of BC Information
You are encouraged to use and re-use the Information that is available under this license, the Open Government License for Government of BC Information, freely and flexibly, with only a few conditions.
Using Information under this license

Your use of any Information indicates your acceptance of the terms and conditions below.


The Information Provider hereby grants you a worldwide, royalty-free, perpetual, non-exclusive license to use the Information subject to the conditions below.


This license does not affect any other copyright exceptions and limitations available under the Copyright Act (Canada).

You may ...


You are free to:

a. copy, publish, distribute and transmit the Information;


adapt the Information; and


exploit the Information commercially, for example, by combining it with other Information or by including it in your own product or application.


You must ...
If you do any of the above, you must:

acknowledge the source of the Information

by including the following attribution statement“This information is provided by the Province of British Columbia under the Open Government License for Government of BC Information v.BC1.0”, or


if you are using information from several sources, and multiple attributions are not practical in your product or application, consider referencing the “Province of British Columbia” and, where possible, providing a link to this license;



ensure that you do not use the Information in a way that suggests any official status or that the Information Provider endorses you or your use of the Information;


ensure that you do not misrepresent the Information or its source; and


ensure that your use of the Information does not breach or infringe any applicable laws.



These are important conditions of this license and if you fail to comply with them the rights granted to you under this license, or any similar license granted by the Information Provider, will end automatically.


Exemptions

Despite any rights granted herein, this license does not apply to the use of:

Personal Information;


information or Records that are not accessible pursuant to the Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act (B.C.);


third-party rights the Information Provider is not authorized to license; and


Information subject to other intellectual property rights, including patents, trade-marks and official marks, and design rights.


No warranty

The Information is licensed ‘as is’, and the Information Provider excludes all representations, warranties, obligations and liabilities, whether express or implied, in relation to the Information.


The Information Provider is not liable for any errors or omissions in the Information and will not, under any circumstances, be liable for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, consequential, or other loss, injury or damage caused by its use, even if specifically advised of the possibility of such loss, injury or damage.

Governing Law

This license is governed by the laws of British Columbia.

Definitions

In this license, the terms below have the following meanings:
‘Information’means information, data or a Record protected by copyright that is expressly made available under the terms of this license on or through the DataBC website.
‘Information Provider’means Her Majesty the Queen in right of the Province of British Columbia.
‘Personal Information’has the meaning set out in Schedule 1 of the Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act (B.C.).

‘Record’has the meaning set out in section 29 of the Interpretation Act (B.C.).
‘use’as a verb, means doing any act that is restricted by copyright, whether in the original medium or in any other medium, and includes without limitation distributing, copying, adapting, modifying as may be technically necessary to use it in a different mode or format.
‘you’ or ‘your’means the natural or legal person, or body of persons corporate or incorporate, as applicable, acquiring rights under this license.
 

About the Open Government License for BC Government Information
The Province of British Columbia wishes to use this license as a tool to enable the use and re-use of Information under a common open license. This license is based upon the UK Government’s Open Government Licence for Public Sector Information and has been adapted with the permission of the UK National Archives.
This is version 1.0 of the Open Government License for Government of BC Information. The Province of British Columbia may, from time to time, issue new versions of the Open Government License for Government of BC Information. However, you may continue to use Information licensed under this version should you wish to do so. Notices of new versions of the Open Government License for Government of BC Information will be posted at the DataBC website.
The Open Government License for BC Government Information is being launched in beta form because it is recognized that it can be developed and improved through further feedback from the public and other stakeholders, and the approach should be open to further testing after launch.