Open Data License for The Regional Municipality of Peel (Version
1.0)

You are encouraged to Use and re-Use
the Information that is available under this License, the Open Data
License for The Regional Municipality of Peel,  freely and
flexibly, with only a few conditions.

Using Information under this
License

Use of the Information available under this License indicates
Your acceptance of the terms and conditions below.

The Regional Municipality of Peel grants you a worldwide,
royalty-free, perpetual, non-exclusive license to Use the
Information subject to the conditions below.

This License does not affect your right to Use the Information
under fair dealing or any other copyright exceptions or limitations
available under the Copyright Act (Canada).

You are free to:
copy, publish, distribute and transmit the Information;

adapt the Information; and

exploit the Information commercially, for example, by combining
it with other Information, or by including it in Your own products
or applications.
You must, where you do any of the above:

you are not required to provide credit to the Information
Provider when using Information under this license however if you
choose to do so please acknowledge the source of the Information by
including the following attribution statement specified by The
Regional Municipality of Peel and, where possible, provide a link
to this License:
"Contains public sector Information made available under The
Regional Municipality of Peel's Open Data License v. 1.0."

ensure that You do not Use the Information in a way that
suggests any official status of The Regional Municipality of Peel
or that The Regional Municipality of Peel endorses You or Your Use
of the Information;

ensure that You do not misrepresent the Information or its
source; and

ensure that Your Use of the Information does not breach or
infringe upon any applicable laws.
These are important conditions of this License and if You fail
to comply with them the rights granted to You under this License
will end automatically.

Exemptions

This License does not cover the Use of:

Personal Information;

information or records that are not accessible pursuant to
theMunicipal Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy
Act(Ontario);

third-party rights that The Regional Municipality of Peel is
not authorized to license;

departmental or public sector organization logos, trademarks,
slogans or crests where they may be included in the Information;
and

Information subject to other intellectual property rights,
including patents, trademarks, and design rights.
No warranty

The Information is licensed 'as is' and The Regional
Municipality of Peel excludes all representations, warranties,
obligations and liabilities, in relation to the Information to the
maximum extent permitted by law.

The Regional Municipality of Peel is not liable for any errors
or omissions in the Information and will not, under any
circumstances, be liable for any direct, indirect, special,
incidental, consequential, or other loss, injury or damage caused
by its Use, even if specifically advised of the possibility of such
loss, injury or damage.

The Regional Municipality of Peel does not guarantee the
continued supply of the Information.


Governing Law

This License is governed by the laws of the Province of
Ontario.


Definitions

In this License, the terms below have the following
meanings:'Information' means information or data protected
by copyright that is expressly made available under the terms of
this License on or through The Regional Municipality of Peel's
website.

'Personal Information' has the same meaning as
set out in the Municipal Freedom of Information and Protection of
Privacy Act (Ontario).

'Use' means doing any act that is restricted by
copyright whether in the original medium or in any other medium,
and includes without limitation distributing, copying, adapting, or
modifying the Information as may be technically necessary to Use it
in a different mode or format.'You' or 'Your' means the natural or legal person,
or body of persons corporate or incorporate acquiring rights under
this License.



About this License

The Regional Municipality of Peel wishes to Use this License as
a tool to enable the Use and re-Use of Information under a common
open license. This License is based upon the UK Government's Open
Government License for Public Sector Information and has been
adapted for use by The Regional Municipality of Peel with the
permission of the UK National Archives.

This is version 1.0 of the Open Data License for The Regional
Municipality of Peel. The Regional Municipality of Peel may, from
time to time, issue new versions of the Open Data License for The
Regional Municipality of Peel's Information. However, you may
continue to Use Information licensed under this version should you
wish to do so.

Notices of new versions of the Open Data License for The
Regional Municipality of Peel will be posted at the Region's
website.