Terms of Use
            
                    Introduction

                    Please note that by accessing the datasets, you agree to these Terms
                    of Use, which are intended to protect and promote the City's
                    commitments to open data and ensure that the recipients of these
                    datasets give back to the community the benefits they derive from these
                    datasets.

                    If you have any questions or comments about these Terms of Use, please feel free to contact us.

                    Your open licence to the datasets
                        Giving City credit
                        Future changes to datasets/Terms of Use
                        Compliance with law - Your responsibility
                        No warranty with datasets

                        Exclusion of liability
                        Liability for not complying with Terms of Use
                        Cancellation for non-compliance
                        No endorsement
                        No association
                        Governing law and jurisdiction from which datasets are published

                    Your open licence to the datasets

                    The City of Ottawa (City) now grants you a world-wide, royalty-free,
                    non-exclusive licence to use, modify, and distribute the datasets in
                    all current and future media and formats for any lawful purpose. You
                    now acknowledge that this licence does not give you a copyright or
                    other proprietary interest in the datasets. If you distribute or
                    provide access to these datasets to any other person, whether in
                    original or modified form, you agree to include a copy of, or this
                    Uniform Resource Locator (URL) for, these Terms of Use and to ensure
                    they agree to and are bound by them but without introducing any further
                    restrictions of any kind.

                    

                    Giving City credit

                    Although you are not required to credit the City for each use or
                    reproduction of the datasets, you are entitled to do so and encouraged
                    to conspicuously announce that these datasets are publicly available
                    from the City under these Terms of Use. Upon the request of the City,
                    you may be required to remove a credit from future uses or
                    reproductions should the City decide that such credit is not in the
                    public interest.

                    

                    Future changes to datasets/Terms of Use

                    The City may at any time and from time to time add, delete, or
                    change the datasets or these Terms of Use. Notice of changes may be
                    posted on the home page for these datasets or this page. Any change is
                    effective immediately upon posting, unless otherwise stated.

                    

                    Compliance with law - Your responsibility

                    You assume sole responsibility for your use and reproduction of the
                    datasets complying with all applicable laws and industry standards.

                    

                    No warranty with datasets

                    You get NO WARRANTIES, none of any kind. By this, we mean, for
                    example (but without limiting the total intended scope of the preceding
                    sentence), (1) that while reasonable efforts have been made in
                    preparing these datasets for use by you, the City cannot give any
                    promises as to the completeness, currency, or accuracy of the datasets
                    nor that access will be continuous, (2) the City cannot make any
                    promise that the datasets are free and clear of any possible third
                    party copyright, moral rights, or other claim, (3) the datasets have
                    been modified from their original source, as data initially generated
                    by the City for its internal uses, and (4) all data visualizations on
                    maps are approximate and include only records that can be mapped.

                    You accept these datasets on an "as-is, where is" basis and agree to use them at your own risk.

                    

                    Exclusion of liability

                    You agree that you will not and cannot sue the City for anything,
                    which the City does or does not do (even if intentional or negligent)
                    in connection with the datasets and your use or inability to use them.
                    Without limiting the general scope of the preceding sentence, this
                    means that the City and its agents are not liable on any legal theory
                    or basis for any direct, incidental, indirect, special, punitive,
                    exemplary, or consequential damages or losses, including without
                    limitation, loss of revenue or anticipated profits, loss of goodwill,
                    loss of business, loss of data, computer failure or malfunction, or any
                    other damages or losses.

                    

                    Liability for not complying with Terms of Use

                    If, as a result of your breach of these Terms of Use, the City gets
                    sued or is required to pay someone money, you agree to protect the City
                    and reimburse the City for everything which you cause the City to
                    suffer. This means that you agree to defend, indemnify, and hold
                    harmless the City and all of its agents from any and all liabilities
                    incurred in connection with any claim arising from any breach by you of
                    these Terms of Use, including reasonable legal fees and costs. You
                    agree to cooperate fully in the defence of any such claim. The City
                    reserves the right to assume, at its own expense, the exclusive defence
                    and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you.
                    You agree not to settle any matter without the written consent of the
                    City.

                    

                    Cancellation for non-compliance

                    The City may, in its sole discretion, cancel or suspend your access
                    to the datasets without notice and for any reason, including anything
                    which the City, in its sole discretion, believes is a breach of these
                    Terms of Use or is otherwise unlawful or harmful to others. In the
                    event of cancellation or suspension, you will no longer be authorized
                    to use or reproduce these datasets, and the City may use any means
                    possible to enforce its decision. Such cancellation or suspension will
                    not affect any person who has received the datasets from you and who is
                    otherwise in compliance with these Terms of Use.

                    

                    No endorsement

                    You may not publicly represent or imply that the City is
                    participating in, or has sponsored, approved, or endorsed the manner or
                    purpose of, your use or reproduction of these datasets.

                    

                    No association

                    You may not use any trade-mark, official mark, official emblem or
                    logo, of the City, or any of its other references or means of promotion
                    or publicity without the City’s prior written consent nor in any event
                    to represent or imply an association or affiliation with the City.

                    

                    Governing law and jurisdiction from which datasets are published

                    These datasets are published from within the Province of Ontario,
                    Canada. These Terms of Use are governed by Ontario law and the City and
                    you now irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of Ontario
                    courts with respect to any and all matters arising under these Terms of
                    Use or these datasets.